This is a revised design for the online clothing shopping system. Currently most sites are just squares containing an image 
of the article of clothing which then can be purchased directly or from your bag (stored items you want to purchase). While 
it is enjoyable to buy stuff, actually looking through all the clothes and the online shopping process is not at all fun. 
Modifying this process to be more interactable and visually appealing is my idea for the website. The site would be designed 
to be like the other 3d dimensional sites with different movements and objects instead of just up and down scrolling. The 
website will start with the user viewing a gloomy store front covered in spray paint to create a sort of mood.
These are two examples of a gloomy store front. 








The lights in the stores and on the street should sort of flicker in and out to add to the gloomy dilapidated effect. This 
style of store fits best with the streetwear and opium fashion styles. Out front while the screen is the storefront there 
should be people walking occasionally on the sidewalk and crossing the screen. Here are some character images of people with 
images of their walking stages. When the user clicks on the door the camera should slowly move towards the door with some 
camera shake and wobble to simulate walking to make it feel like the user is actually walking towards the store. When close 
to the front door it should open and the camera continues to move in to the store. Inside is inspired by a dry cleaner and 
similar vibes to the outside of the store. There is a counter off the left side of the screen and the clothing carousel comes 
in at the top left corner of the visible screen and moves across still elevated above the ground. After crossing half the 
screen it swoops downwards and slightly the right of the camera before going completely straight. This clothing carousel
 will have 3d models of every article of clothing sold on the site. The carousel will then take a slightly greater than 90° 
 turn to the camera’s right before going back up and into the store. As items on the rack go around the 90 degree turn they 
 swing outwards so that the entire article of clothing is visible. Chat gpt was really not helpful with this but here is what 
 it generate after 20 min of trying to get my desired interior, this is not it. The actual shop should not be as run down and 
 weird. I also added a drawing of my desired layout but it isn't as in-depth. Scrolling inside the store should make the 
 clothing conveyor rotate around the rack.








When an article of clothing is clicked on the camera should pan off to a changing room with a curtain covering the entrance.
The curtain should sort of move like there is a slight breeze while the site is loading. Once loaded the curtain should slide 
over and inside is a full rotatable 3d model of a person wearing the article of clothing they clicked on. They can rotate a 
full 360 around the model to see the clothes from all angles. Here is some AI stuff of it.








When someone wants to buy the article of clothing then the camera pans from whatever scene you are at to the counter in the 
front of the store with a retro cash register sitting on top of it. The article of clothing will be floating above the counter 
and the price will appear on the register. Then the user enters their payment, deliver, and all other info into the register 
and it updates on the screen in front of the register. Again the image below is far too dilapidated but AI really was
not playing along with me. Once purchased then you revert back to the main scene inside the store to continue shopping. 
